Feedback (#1)
umm-csci-3403-fall-2020/lab-2-pre-lab-schu4276: leak_report.md

# Leak report

> the function is cleaned is allocating memory to the cleaned variable, and and returning it back.  The momory for cleaned cant be freed befor eit exists because that would invalidate the function. 

Author: ```suggestion
the function `is_clean` is allocating memory to the `cleaned` variable, and returning it back.  The memory for `cleaned` can't be freed before it exists because that would invalidate the function. 
```

Spelling is a good thing. :grin: Also, you can use (GitHub) Markdown to do some nice formatting things.
